Clarifications to security policy (#1)
privacytoolsIO/.github: SECURITY.md

The administrative team will acknowledge your message within 48 hours, and will provide a detailed response within 72 hours detailing the next steps for handling your report. After our initial reply we will make every effort to keep you informed of the progress towards a fix and announcement, and we may ask for additional information or guidance.

> Please report any security bugs in third-party projects to the person or team maintaining that project. Examples of third-party projects include our Searx instance (search.privacytools.io) and our Riot instance (riot.privacytools.io), as we do not actively maintain those projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please report any security bugs in third-party projects to the person or team developing that project. Examples of third-party projects include our Searx instance (search.privacytools.io) and our Riot instance (riot.privacytools.io), as we do not actively assist in developing those projects.
```

Makes it sound like we don't maintain them at all, when of course we maintain our specific installations and any issues specific to us should be reported.

Reviewer: Oh I thought I could just commit that suggestion and merge this PR, but I don't have commit permissions on your particular fork :P 

This otherwise LGTM.

Reviewer 2: I would somehow comment that they are kept up-to-date, but otherwise LGTM.

Author: That's odd, the "Allow edits from maintainers" was checked. It's probably GH being odd.
